Sets/Readme.md, before:

## Sets

**Sets** are abstract data types ([ADT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_data_type)) that contain certain-discrete elements, without any particular order. 

In sets **NO duplicates** are allowed.

### Basic operation on sets

**intersection(S, T)**: returns new set with elements found on set **S**, that also belong on set **T**, but no other elements. For instance, the intersection of sets  *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }*  and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* is *U = { 3 }*.

**union(S, T)**: returns new set **U** which contains all elements found both on set **S** and set **T**. As in sets no duplicates are allowed, **U** keeps only the first occurrence of each element. For instance, the union of sets *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }* and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* is *U = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 }*.

**difference(S, T)**: returns new set which contains elements found on set **S**, but not on set **T**. For instance, the difference of sets *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }* and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* denoted as *(S - T)* is *U = { 2, 4, 5 }*.

**subset(S, T)**: check if all elements in set **S** are also elements of set **T** and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`). For instance, the set *S = { 1, 2 }* is subset of *T = { 1, 2, 3 }*.

**isElementOf(x, S)**: checks whether the value **x** is in the set **S** and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`).

**isEmpty(S)**: checks whether the set **S** contains no elements and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`).

**equal(S1, S2)**: checks if sets **S1** and **S2** contain all and only the same elements. 

**create(S)**: creates a new, initially empty set structure. 

**buildGlobal(S)**: creates a new set structure that contains all the values of a type. For instance, if we want to create a set **S** that contains all the digits of base 10 system, calling `create(S)`, **S** will be initialized as empty set *S = { }*. After calling the `buildGlobal(S)` function, **S** will contain all the numbers from 0 through 9, which means *S = { 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 }*.

**add(x, S)**: adds the element **x** to **S**, if it is not present already.

**remove(x, S)**: removes the element **x** from **S**, if it is present.

### Implementing Set in C

C has not a build in set data structure in it's core library. However, there are a number of ways, some more appropriate than others, to implement sets in C. Bellow, we list some implementation ideas, together with a time complexity table in big-O for each one. We start with the simpler one, and we'll move to more sophisticated implementations later.

#### Using Arrays

#### Using Bit Fields

#### Using Linked Lists

#### Using Red-Black trees

Commit message:

Added informations in 'Using Bit Fields'.

Sets/Readme.md, after:

## Sets

**Sets** are abstract data types ([ADT](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Abstract_data_type)) that contain certain-discrete elements, without any particular order. 

In sets **NO duplicates** are allowed.

### Basic operation on sets

**intersection(S, T)**: returns new set with elements found on set **S**, that also belong on set **T**, but no other elements. For instance, the intersection of sets  *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }*  and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* is *U = { 3 }*.

**union(S, T)**: returns new set **U** which contains all elements found both on set **S** and set **T**. As in sets no duplicates are allowed, **U** keeps only the first occurrence of each element. For instance, the union of sets *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }* and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* is *U = { 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 }*.

**difference(S, T)**: returns new set which contains elements found on set **S**, but not on set **T**. For instance, the difference of sets *S = { 2, 3, 4, 5 }* and *T = { 1, 3, 6, 7, 8 }* denoted as *(S - T)* is *U = { 2, 4, 5 }*.

**subset(S, T)**: check if all elements in set **S** are also elements of set **T** and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`). For instance, the set *S = { 1, 2 }* is subset of *T = { 1, 2, 3 }*.

**isElementOf(x, S)**: checks whether the value **x** is in the set **S** and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`).

**isEmpty(S)**: checks whether the set **S** contains no elements and returns a truth value (either `true` or `false`).

**equal(S1, S2)**: checks if sets **S1** and **S2** contain all and only the same elements. 

**create(S)**: creates a new, initially empty set structure. 

**buildGlobal(S)**: creates a new set structure that contains all the values of a type. For instance, if we want to create a set **S** that contains all the digits of base 10 system, calling `create(S)`, **S** will be initialized as empty set *S = { }*. After calling the `buildGlobal(S)` function, **S** will contain all the numbers from 0 through 9, which means *S = { 0, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 }*.

**add(x, S)**: adds the element **x** to **S**, if it is not present already.

**remove(x, S)**: removes the element **x** from **S**, if it is present.

### Implementing Set in C

C has not a build in set data structure in it's core library. However, there are a number of ways, some more appropriate than others, to implement sets in C. Bellow, we list some implementation ideas, together with a time complexity table in big-O for each one. We start with the simplest approach, and we'll move to more sophisticated implementations later.

#### Using Arrays

If the maximum number of elements in the set is small enough, we can use a plain old array. This approach suits well on problems that handles sets with **small** amount of elements. Although, the word **small** here is tricky. How **small** you might consider a set depends on the amount of computer resources that are available for usage, so be careful when you are going to use this implementation.

#### Using Bit Fields

A better approach, well better from the space complexity scope, would be using bit-fields. This approach will give us the benefit to store more items in a set using the same implementation with ordinary arrays. The amount of space that will be saved depends on many factors and that's because C data types vary by implementation. In most cases, when we working with `unsigned int` type the amount of elements we can store using the same set size is **32 * N** elements more than the same array implementation, for a set of **N** elements. However, the truth is that the real number of space will be saved depends on the compiler.


#### Using Linked Lists

#### Using Red-Black trees
